Implementation of the Shadow Thing mechanism on the device side (#22)
arduino-libraries/ArduinoCloudThing: README.md

`.publishOnChange()`

`.onUpdate(functionPointer)` configures the property to call `functionPointer` when the value is changed by the cloud.

> `.onSync(syncFunctionPointer)` configures the property to call `syncFunctionPointer` when as consequence of a connection/reconnection (so after a period passed offline) the value of the property must be synchronized with the one stored in the cloud. The implemetation `syncFunctionPointer()` should contain some synchornization logic; standard implementations for this functions are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.onSync(syncFunctionPointer)` configures the property to call `syncFunctionPointer` when as consequence of a connection/reconnection (so after a period passed offline) the value of the property must be synchronized with the one stored in the cloud. The implementation `syncFunctionPointer()` should contain some synchronization logic; standard implementations for this functions are:
```

int       int_property = 0;
int const min_delta    = 6;
...
thing.addProperty(int_property, "test_int_property", Permission::ReadWrite).publishOnChange(min_delta).onUpdate(onUpdateCallback).onSync(onSynchronizationCallback);
...
```

* **encode** Checks all properties if their value has changed and if so populates the buffer with the desired CBOR update message.

`int encode(uint8_t * data, size_t const size)`

> * **decode**  decodes a CBOR buffer received from the cloud and if the syncMessage parameter is set to false (default), updates writeable properties accordingly and call the update callback if the value of a property has changed. If the syncMessage parameter is set to true, the value of the property received by the cloud and the relative last change timestamp are passed to a synchronization callback. The synchronization callback could apply the logic to assign a value to the property choosing between the local value and the cloud one. The synchronization logic also decide if the call to the update callback is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **decode**  decodes a CBOR buffer received from the cloud and if the syncMessage parameter is set to false (default), updates writeable properties accordingly and calls the update callback if the value of a property has changed. If the syncMessage parameter is set to true, the value of the property received by the cloud and the relative last change timestamp are passed to a synchronization callback. The synchronization callback could apply the logic to assign a value to the property choosing between the local value and the cloud one. The synchronization logic also decides if the call to the update callback is necessary.
```
